When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I guess you want to use a remote repository for a  couple of situations, like when you want to share code with someone
or when you have a stable enough version of your code to make it public. Also I think it might be very helpful if you
are using more than one system to work on your project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If someone else made changes to the remote repository and Git automatically pulls changes, I guess this might override some of the things I changed locally. Also I think it might break my code because I maybe need to make adjustments to my code first before it will run with the newest version in the remote repository, but I don't want to do that all the time, only when I'm finished writing my code ... ?


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches are only created locally and are used to try out new things, make experimental version and so on.
Clones are either used to make a complete copy of a remote repository to a local machine or to make a complete copy of local repository to a different places on a local machine.
Forks are used to make a "clone" on GitHub. This is used if you don't have permission to push to the original or if you want to make a different version of this code.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

So you can compare changes to the GitHub master with your local copy even when you don't have access to the internet


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You could send files over email or store them in a fileshare or FTP server.
All those options would be much harder since it would be very difficult to merge togheter changes and know which version is working, the most recent and so on. You'd also have to copy the whole folder to make branches.
